"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart." - Helen Keller
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do, Explore, Dream, Discover." - Mark Twain
"The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." - Jimmy Johnson
"Do not be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"The mind is everything. What you think you become." - Buddha
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." - Lao Tzu
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Hold fast to dreams, For if dreams die, Life is a broken-winged bird, That cannot fly." - Langston Hughes
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us." - John F. Kennedy
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The question isn't who will let me; it's who will stop me." - Ayn Rand
"Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right." - Henry Ford
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." - Confucius
"You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." - Margaret Thatcher
"Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." - Nelson Mandela
"Defeat is not the opposite of success. It is part of success." - Nelson Mandela
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle." - Steve Jobs, 22. "The purpose of our lives is to be happy." - Dalai Lama
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon, 24. "Spread love everywhere you go. Let it radiate from you like sunshine from the sun." - Mother Teresa
"When the world is so complex, the best way to make sense of it is to simplify." - Eileen Gray
"Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
"There is nothing impossible to him who will try." - Alexander the Great,
"The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing." - Albert Einstein
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll,
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot." - Michael Altshuler
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart." - Helen Keller
"You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You must do the thing you think you cannot do." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently."